Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 

Emailed Post-Monitor (ePoMo) VOL 7, ISSUE 1 ~250 Subscribers 


Vol 19, Issue 1 Website: https://sites.google.com/site/lrdalumniassnneedtoknoWnoW 2011.04 
The Alumni Anthem 
Over the years and 
at younger ages ... 
‘GS,’ ‘E’ and ‘O’ 
were our gauges 
But now we've reached 
the best of stages 
Being one of the 
Center’s Sages 
Long-Range Detectiondenotes and represents 
all who served the mission 
throughout its 
inception and history 
Recognized for 60 years 
of service to our country 
16 September 2007 
1947 – 2007 
*********************************** 
SAGE SPOTLIGHT 
THE LONG RANGE DETECTION ALUMNI ASSOCIATION PROUDLY PRESENTS 
———————————————————————————————————————— 
Our ‘New’ Board Member, 
CMSgt Dave Melton 
Vice-president, FY2011 
CMSgt Dave Melton/ 
Superintendent, Materials 
Technology Directorate/TM 
entered the AF in 1984 and 
served AFTAC 1988-1997 
at Technical Operations 
Division, McClellan AFB, 
CA, 1997-2001 at Det 419, 
Hickam AFB, HI, 20072009 
at Det 46, Schriever 
AFB, CO, and arrived at his 
current assignment in 2009. 
During his AF career Dave had two assignments outside 
AFTAC, from 1985-1987 he was a communications 
specialist at 2154 CS, Whiteman AFB, MO, and Dave 
worked in Information Operations at the 613 Air Operations 
Center, Hickam AFB, HI, from 2001-2007. 
Dave was born in 1962 in Gary IN. In 2009, Dave mar*********************************** 
Alumni Alerts-What’s Comin’ Up 
WHERE, IN THE BEST CENTER ALERT TRADITION, WE ASK YOU TO ‘REPORT IN’ 
—————————————————–————————-——————————————– 
May 12-15, worldwide reunion-2011 
HOST, CALIFORNIA CHAPTER 
'WorldWide' is an event hosted every other 
year by one of the three chapters on a rotating 
basis. ‘WorldWides’ welcome all who 
served the LRD/AFTAC Mission over the years. Please 
find information and a registration form at page 15. 
May 20, 21st annual assn spring 
golf N'getogether 
cocoa beach course, 1300 
CHIEF MELTON-AFTAC/LSM 
SPRING 2011 LRD Alumni Association 
Golf Tournament 20 May 1300 
Shotgun 
Start at Cocoa Beach CC. Cost is 
$40 for Alumni members and $45 for 
non-members 
Format is a 4-person scramble (also known as better-
ball) Fee includes golf, cart, and BBQ (continue on pg 3) 
Active duty schedule, sAges welcomed 
April 23rd, AnnuAl spring picnic, wickhAm pArk 
Center Picnic-mingle with the ‘old’ & the ‘new!! 
ried Kimberly McCormack from Middletown, NJ. Kimberly 
is a MSgt in the AF assigned to 324 ISRS, Hickam 
AFB, HI. Dave has two children; Trevor, 19, reported for 
basic training at Lackland AFB, TX, on 15 Mar 2011 to 
begin his career as a loadmaster, and Tara, 14, lives in 
Peoria, AZ, and is in the 8th grade. 
Dave has twice been recognized as an Air Force award 
winner. In 2003, he was selected as the USAF Outstanding 
Active Duty Information Operations NCO of the Year 
and in 2004 was selected for the USAF Military Decep-
More details, if any, at the ‘Active-Duty’ section of this issue 
and/or at the assn website (URL below). 
***************************************** 
NOTE: Any updates/changes are at the assn website, 
‘http://sites.google.com/site/lrdalumniassnneedtoknownow/’ 
‘Breaking News’ (pg 01) and/or the 
‘Active-Duty-Schedule of Events’ (pg 05). 
Auto-Receive eALLerts (deaths, breaking news, etc) by signing up 
for this service @ http://groups.google.com/group/aftaclrd 
tion Outstanding MAJCOM Program of the Year. He is 
an avid fisherman and likes to golf as well. 
DAVE, THANKS FOR THE INFORMATION AND ALL YOU’VE DONE FOR THE US AIR 
FORCE AND AFTAC. GLAD TO HAVE YOU ON BOARD AND JOINING US AS WE CONTINUE 
OUR JOURNEY ‘SERVING’ SAGES AND ACTIVE DUTY. 
****************************************** 
Alumni EvEnts-What’s Gone off 
WHERE, AGAIN IN THE BEST CENTER TRADITION, WE REPORT ‘EVENT DATA’ 
————————————————–——————————————————————— 
‘Event’ articles, when published, follow ‘Alert’ articles. 

1 

2011-04-10 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


ASSOCIATION INfOrmATION 

Honor Roll: Alumni Of The Year RecipientsJack Smith, 2010-Jack Jackson, 09 
Robert ‘Bob’ Wiley 08-Bill Schmied 07-Deborah Carson 06 
Mike Black 05-Joe Goldian 04-Pat Snyder 03-‘Joe’ Johnson 02 
Jim Payne 01-Ben Vlassick 00 (deceased)-John Horsch 99 
Frank Hall 98-Judy Milam 97-Carl Gailey 96-Clark Creery 95

Long Range Detection (LRD) Alumni Honorarium 

Several ongoing projects representing and honoring center people and 
its history exist: Two of these, ‘Hall of Heritage’ (data/artifacts) and the 
‘Wall of Honor’ of alumni who served the center for 20+ years (and 
have mailed in their photos/bios), are housed at 
AFTAC Headquarters. Another is an AFTAC display at the 
Encampment, Wyoming, Museum. 

ASSOCIATION HISTORY A group of retired & active duty 
AFTACers, by invitation from then CC, Col Clapper, met at 
the Patrick AFB, FL, NCO Club on March 12, 1985, and 
formed the association (chartered in 1986). Originally 
‘AFTAC Alumni Assn’ a name change was necessary in mid 
-2001 due to AF rules to continue operating ‘on base.’ 

The assn provides a forum for those wishing to maintain a 
relationship with the center and its people, active-duty and retired. 
Membership is open to past/present employees of all organizations 
associated with Long Range Detection (LRD) 
(AFMSW-1, 1009th SWS, AFOAT-1, 1035th FAG, and AFTAC), 
and any subordinate field detachment. 
There are three chapters.

1. Florida: (application on back page)-Dues, $10/FY (1 Oct30 
Sep) payable in Oct/$75 for life. Monthly meetings at 
1700 on the second Monday of each month (verify if coming) 
at the AFTAC HQ’s building (989) at Patrick AFB, FL. Contacts: 
Clark Creery, ccreery@cfl.rr.com, mailing address is: 
Long Range Detection Alumni Assn, PO Box 254892, Patrick 
AFB, FL 32925-0892. There is this triannual newsletter, 
‘Post-Monitor’ (namesake of prior active-duty publication, 
‘Monitor’) & a multi-page Website, ‘http://sites.google.com/site/ 
lrdalumniassnneedtoknownow/,’ full of assn/alumni news and 
photos-we also provide a ‘Breaking News’ service at the website 
and thru instant notification at ‘http://groups.google.com/ 
group/aftac-lrd.’ 
Florida Chapter “PERENNIALS” (5+ years board service) Clark 
Creery-Newsletter, 85/89-95, Pres 94/95, Webpage, 01-07; Frank 
Hall, Pres/Vice 89-98/01; Judy Milam, Sec 89-00/since 06, Hospitality 
since 01 Pres 04; Eunice Harris, Hosp 89-00; Mary Welch, Mbrshp 91 
-99; Carl Gailey, Treas 91-99; Swede Swansen, Pub 93-06; John 
(Christel) Horsch, Newsletter since 96; Pat Snyder, ‘Insider/Sage 
Shop’ since 96, VP 04, Sec 05; Mike Black, Webmaster since 96; Jim 
Payne, Mbshp 99-04; Joe Goldian, Treas since 03; Randy Vlassick, 
Mbrship 04-09. 

2. Colorado: Formed-1989, $5 year, payable in February; 
chapter publishes a newsletter, ‘Echoes’ and a website, 
‘www.aftacco.org.’ They meet several times a year-for 
information, see Website or Bill Schmied, (303) 367-0625. 
3. West Coast (CA): Formed-1999, $10 year/$75 lifetime; for 
information-email, TOD.Alumni@AFTACWCC.org-mail, Alumni 
Assn, PO Box 3974, Citrus Heights, CA 95611-3974. They 
meet several times a year, publish a newsletter, ‘Depot Fallout’ 
and a website, ‘www.AFTACWCC.org.’ 
Sage Communicators: Newsletter Editors: John/Christel Horsch; 
Information/Proofing: Judy Milam/Pat Snyder/Deborah Carson; Executive 
Review: Frank Hall; Rovin’ Cameras/Reporters: Judy Milam/
Bob Wiley/Clark Creery; Printing/Mailing: Editors/Jack Jackson/ 
Terry Hammond/Curt & Eunice Harris; Web/Electronic Media: Mike 
Black, Clark Creery, Editors 

‘58-’87 
THERE ARE FURTHER REPORTS ON THE EVENTS BELOW LATER IN THIS ISSUE. 

Wow, what a six-day period we had, Feb 05-10! It started 
‘rollin’ with the ‘SnowBall’ and marched forward to 
the ‘Center Annual Awards Banquet.’ These are annual 
events made very special this year when our ‘Alumni of 
the Year, 2010,’ Jack Smith, CO Chapter President, 
showed his considerable respect for this once in a lifetime 
honor. He, and his wife, Helen, traveled from their 
home in the Denver area to be here in person to express 
their unbrideled appreciation and humility for this 
selection. (NOTE: Jack’s selection was announced at a November 

Dinner/Social reported on in the last issue.) 

In honor of this travel, and subsequent recognitions, 
we have coined a play on an old poem: 
“Jack and Helen went up the hill to fill a pail of trophy’s, 
Jack came down, with all but a crown, and Helen came 
thereafter” 

Jack and Helen started the recognition period by moving 
into base dig’s right on the ocean arranged by 
CMSgt John Nederhoed/CCS, with assistance from 
CMSgt Dave Melton/TM, our assn vice. They were also 
treated to a HQ Building and ‘Hall of Heritage’ tour by 
CMSgt Steve Revels/IG. These experiences were just 
the beginning as they were recognized at both the 
‘SnowBall’ and the ‘Awards Banquet in a grand style. 

A portion of the well attended ‘SnowBall’ (02.05) was 
dedicated to Jack’s accomplishments and he had time 
to speak to the group about what the honor meant to 
him. It was very moving to hear him speak, meaning all 
the more because of their efforts to be here. (much more 

on the ‘SnowBall,’ with pictures, later in the issue, ‘Alumni Events’) 

Jack, and others to be honored, made a grand entrance 
into the ‘Center Awards Banquet’ on the following 
Thursday by entering the room though ‘Arched Sabers,’ 
pictured here. 
Other military ceremonies 
performed 
prior to dining was 
the ‘Presentation of 
Colors’ by the 
‘Honor Guard’ and 
the ‘POW/MIA 
Table’ ceremony … 
these presentation’s 
are made all 

the more special as they are being done by our successor’s, 
those currently serving AFTAC’s mission. There 
was also an invocation by Chaplain Capt Williams and 
the ‘National Anthem’ by Ms Rebecca Lehnerz, a member 
of the ’Greenlight Band’ who has performed at numerous 
AFTAC and Alumni events. 

Following dinner, and comments by Guest Speaker, 

Jack’s guest, Marlene Couch, watches on 


Note: We post pictures as provided and as possible … the size/quality/quantity of these photo’s are restricted by available space. Picture size 
can be increased and enhanced in electronic issues (ePoMo)-often times available in ‘Sampler’s’ posted at the Florida Chapter website.. 

Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


CMSgt Ronayne, Command Chief, National Air and 
Space Intelligence Center, noting the accomplishments of 
some of those assembled, we moved into the recognition/ 
award phase. Some 17 AFTAC personnel, and one Sage, 

Jack accepts trophy from Col Prupas, with Lloyd French, Alumni 
President and John Nederhoed in attendance. 
were recognized by Col Prupas and Chief Nederhoed 
during this period. It was our honor to be with Jack and 
Helen during both of these proceedings. NOTE: more on this 

event later in the issue, ‘Active-Duty’ section). 

Let’s see, what else, aha, one very important event, 
made even more important as the CA membership base 
declines, and there is concern this may be their last, is the 
WorldWide Reunion occurring May 12-15th at Sacramento!! 
Be there, see CA Chapter News to plan/Setup. 

Alumni Alerts-,what’s coming up FROM PAGE ONE 

annual assn spring golf n'getogether 

(cont, pg 1) from Smokin Joes served for 
dinner. Mulligans will be on sale 3 for 
$5. Each mulligan is an entry into the 
drawing of door prizes. Active-duty 
military, retirees, civilians, and contractors 
are welcome to participate. 


Enter by calling CMSgt Dave Melton at 321-494-3242 
or by e-mail at damelto@aol.com 

Alumni EvEnts-What’s Gone off from page one 

Dec 17, aftac winter social, crowne Plaza 

CLARK CREERY, ‘ROVIN’ REPORTER/DIGICAM MAN’ FRI, DEC 17, 2010 AT 10:07 PM 

AFTAC always does thing up first class. From our complaints 
about being in the back – we were given table 
number 4, right next to the dance floor. There were 10 
at our table to include, Ruth and I, Mike and Debbie 
Winchester, Mike Dobrin and his wife and the Westergrens. 


I talked to Lloyd French, Alumni Assn Pres, and noted 
that we of the alumni presented a rather poor showing. 
However, there were quite a few alumni sitting elsewhere. 
I saw Terry Hammond, PoMo Transport, Randy 
Vlassick, past Assn Membership, Sean Ryan, Assn 
Secretary, Larry Silhanek, MSgt Sutton, Chief Revels, 
Pat Snyder and her husband, Duke and Dr O’Brien. 

The main ballroom was totally full, they had a DJ playing 
the guitar during the dinner (never heard some of 
the songs he was playing), the dance music went well 
and quite a few were dancing, not sure how the door 
prizes went but they were selling tickets for the baskets. 
We think we saw the Alumni Basket but it was not 


labeled. Looked pretty nice if 

they stuck with the brews from 

all over the world? The door 

prizes were great–I guess they 

either sold tickets or picked 

names from the attendees for 

those? Col Pupas, AFTAC/CC, 

spoke and recognized the 

Alumni. Also, I got a classic 

shot of our new Vice, Dave 

Melton, CMSgt/TM, looking 

very dapper indeed. 

Feb 05, ‘snowball xiii’ report 

CLARK CREERY ALSO PROVIDED SUCH A HEART FELT AND EXCELLENT EMAIL 
FOLLOWING THE SNOWBALL WE GOT HIS PERMISSION TO USE IT AS THE 
‘SNOWBALL REPORT’-TWEAKED BY DEBORAH CARSON, ‘MAJOR ARRANGER,’ BILL 
SCHMIED, CO CHAPTER TREASURER AND YOUR EDITORS. 


The wife and I have attended quite a few 

‘SnowBalls’ over the years; however, this 

year the experience was especially pleas


ing! From the opening remarks by Alumni 

President, Lloyd French at 7PM on the dot 

followed by the song “Rocky Mountain 
High” by John Denver set the stage for an exceptional 
gathering. Of course in keeping with the “theme” the 
café was appropriately decorated in the Colorado motif 
by Dee and Gene Melchior and the ‘Atmosphere and 
Space Directorate’ donated the use of their “GPS” satellite 
model. To begin, 5:30PM was the bewitching hour 
whereby alumni and invited guests could celebrate a 
social hour, enjoy some of Chef Braun’s famous hors 
d'oeuvres and engage in conversation. When the festivities 
began and all were seated I managed to attempt a 
head-count of those in attendance. I counted 70 but 
‘Major Arranger, Deborah Carson, let me know that it 
was more like 77. That is amazing and we feel that the 
date finally selected, the new location and the lack of a 
blizzard counted for something. 

Sean Ryan presented the invocation for the evening 
and the words came from the heart, thank you Sean. 

Lloyd made introductions of the VIP’s in attendance 
and soon summoned us to a buffet dinner by ‘playing’ a 
small chime made for that purpose-he amazed everyone 
with his musical talents! We did not mind standing 
in line (something we learned in the military) awaiting 
chow. I caught Dr. O’Brien attempting to dislocate a 
cordon-bleu but the chef captured the spoon and 
brought a fresh pan and we were able to partake of a 
very good ‘bleu’. Chef Scott Braun even appeared in 
the traditional chef hat and uniform as the meat carver 
at the end of the line-you could obtain a choice cut of 
prime as desired. One must say the food was absolutely 
delicious and definitely plentiful. One great job by the 
staff who attended to all of these folks. I cannot say 
enough about the service ‘with a smile’! 

Following ‘grunts’ (as we ground pounders used to 
term eating) Colonel Aaron Prupas/AFTAC CC, rose to 
address the crowd. He told us that the New AFTAC 

3 

2011-04-10 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


Jack (Left) accepts award letter from FL Chapter 
President, Lloyd French.. Picture from Bob Wiley 
building would be 

started on June 

17th at Patrick AFB. 

This new building 

will house a lab 

similar to the one 

that we had at 

McClellan AFB, CA, 

years ago. The 

Colonel then turned 

the festivities over 

to Lloyd who introduced 
the Detachment Commanders from Det 45 and 
Det 46 which are located in Colorado (recall these detachments, 
along with OLGT, were a part of our ‘Colorado’ SnowBall 
Theme this year). Since the Snowball was kicked off during 
the Commander’s Conference that is held on an annual 
basis at Patrick we were glad that our Det 1 Commander, 
Lt Col Jason Riera, Offut AFB, NE, was also in attendance. 


The Detachment Commanders from Det 45, Capt (Maj 
Select) Paul Muller, Buckley AFB, CO, and Det 46, LT 
Col Bradley Graves, Schriever AFB, CO, presented a 
staff briefing about their tasks. Note was made of the 
‘Coors” connection and how that great brew was started 
in their neck of the woods. 

We did not hear a drum roll and none was needed for 
our recognition of the ‘Alumni of the Year, 2010,’ Jack 
Smith (CO Chapter President). What a deserving award 
winner and we were glad that both Jack and his wife 
Helen were able to travel to Florida for the ‘Snowball’ 
and ‘Center Awards Banquet’ that is held each year. 
Jack had also invited Maggie Nagel & Marlene Couch, 
people important to him during his Career. 

Jack gave us a rundown on his service career and of 
note was the name of this son, Patrick. No, it was not 
planned to honor the Headquarters location, it just happened 
that way! Jack is too kind and his service to our 
organization is beyond reproach while on and off active 
duty. I am proud to know him. 

Later in the evening attendees were treated to a Colorado 
Trivia exercise which involved 10 questions about 
the State. I am old, so that is my excuse for only getting 
one! That exercise was followed by a ‘Colorado 
High’ Word Puzzle which required each of us to find 
hidden words. I was busy taking pictures for the new 
Website so I missed most of those – Well that is a pretty 
good excuse anyhow! 

It was a night to remember and it could never have 
happened if Gene and Dee Melchior, Deborah Carson, 
Bob Wiley, Sean Ryan, Jack Jackson and others 
had not stepped up to the plate and done such a wonderful 
job. Any outing like this has to have planning, 
worker bees and creativity – those folks need to rest 
because they have taken the Florida Alumni way over 
the top. My personal appreciation to each and every 
one of them. It is folks like this who make me proud to 
call myself an AFTAC Alumnus. Thanks, Clark, your report 

really takes us back to that evening. 


Sagey Sez, ‘See Ya’ at 
the Annual Spring Golf 
N’Getogether, Or, at the 
very least, in the Buffet 
line …’ and the Center 
Picnic … And, it was great 
seein’ so many at Snow-
Ball XIII and the Center 
Awards Banquet. 

A BONUS FOR THE ‘SNOWBALL’ EVENING WAS A CHANCE TO GET A GROUP PICTURE OF THE ‘ALUMNI OF THE YEAR’ SELECTEES IN ATTENDANCE….THIS ONE WAS PASSED 
ON BY JIM PAYNE-BACK ROW, L>R, JACK SMITH, 2010; JOE GOLDIAN, 04; CENTER ROW, L>R, CLARK CREERY, OUR FIRST SELECTEE, 1995; JUDY MILAM-HENDERSON, 97; 
DEBORAH CARSON, 06; JACK JACKSON, 09; FRANK HALL, WHOM WE LIKE TO REFER TO AS THE GRANDFATHER OF THE ALUMNI ASSN, 98, JIM PAYNE, 01; BOB WILEY, 08; 
FRONT ROW, L>R, PAT SNYDER, OUR ‘INTREPID INSIDER’ UNTIL HER RECENT RETIRMENT, AND YOUR’S TRULY, JOHN HORSCH, 99. 

4 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


SagestoRemember 
Personals … 

Wherein alumni let us know of events in their lives Sages should be 
aware of. Please send us deaths, births (children, grandchildren), 
weddings, retirements (military or otherwise), and other events. 

——————————————————————–———–—————————————————————————————————— 

In Memoriam 


Nancy Newman Fred Chigazola 
Ishmael E. Lawlis, Jr Bill Griffin 
Kenneth Struve Jr. Rex Hollis 
Ed Koschalk, pg 22 


Rest in Peace 

Nancy Newman

NOTIFIED BY EUNICE HARRIS, 12.16, OBITUARY, FLORIDA TODAY, 12.17 


SATELLITE BEACH, Fla. Nancy 
Brown Newman died Tuesday, December 
14, 2010. Born the daughter 
of Retta Spangler Brown and Robert 
Sidney Brown at St. Lukes Hospital, 
Bluefield, W.Va., she attended and 
graduated from Memorial Elementary 
School, Fairview Jr. High School 
and Bluefield High School. She was 
a member of the Bluefield Choir 

while attending her high school. 
Nancy was a member of a Second Miler's, Yteens and a 
counselor for many summers at Camp Iva. She graduated 
from Emory and Henry College in 1964. 

There she was a member of the E&H Choir, Kappa Phi Alpha Social 
Sorority and Kappa Epsilon Education Society. Nancy was an active 
participant in many Air Force Officers Wives Clubs as a publisher of a 
newsletter, social chairman and other roles. She was a school teacher 
at Itazucke AFB, Japan, New Delhi, India, Tazwell, Va. and a substitute 
teacher at Holland and Surfside Elem. Schools. Nancy was also 
one of the founding officers of the P.T.O. at Holland Elem. She was a 
member of the Indian River Players and the American Embassy 
School Productions. Nancy worked at the Satellite Beach Recreation 
Department from 1985 until 1998. 

She is survived by her husband, Samuel; children, Susan Bonilla, 
Christopher Newman and Jill Scribbins; her sister, Sara Crews; and 

grandchildren, Grace and Jacob Newman and Trevor Scribbins. Funeral 
service was December 18, 2010; Interment at Florida Memorial 
Gardens, Rockledge. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to 
the Juvenile Diabetes Association and South Brevard Animal Shelter. 
Condolences may be sent to www.beachfuneralhome.com. 

Fred Chigazola

NOTIFIED BY CA NEWSLETTER, 2011.01 


CHIGAZOLA, Fred (Chick), USCG 
& GS-11, USAF, Ret. Passed 
away on December 28, 2010, in 
Santa Rosa, CA, at the age of 

91. Chick was born in Mobile, 
Alabama, on October 2, 1919. 
After joining the U.S. Coast 
Guard at the age of 18, he 
proudly served his country as a 
radioman on both USCG ships 
and aircraft. Station assignments included Port Angeles, 
Washington, Annette Island, Alaska, and San Francisco, 
CA. 

It was during his assignment in San Francisco that he met his bride 
Doris Elaine Lybrand. Chick and Elaine lived in Millbrae, CA, Annette 
Island Alaska, and Port Angeles, WA, where he retired after 23 years 
in USCG. Following Chick's retirement, they moved the family to Citrus 
Heights, CA in 1962. 

Chick and Elaine were very active in community groups including the 
San Juan and Daylight Masonic Lodges and the Carmichael Elks 
Club. Chick and Elaine were married until 1998 when Elaine passed 
away. He remained in Citrus Heights enjoying his many friends and 
his music. 

Chick enjoyed a lifelong passion for music and played multiple instruments 
including the clarinet, saxophone, piccolo, and flute. He 
especially loved the sounds of Dixieland Jazz and Big Band Era. 
Chick was a member of multiple bands throughout his life, including 
the Sacramento Shrine Band. Most recently he played with the Capital 
City Concert Band in Sacramento, CA. Ham radio was another 
favorite hobby and daily activity. W6JWW had acquaintances around 
the world. His loving daughter Laureen Dunn predeceased Chick. He 
is survived by sons Robert Chigazola and his wife Frances of Somerset, 
CA, Don Chigazola and his wife Debbie of Santa Rosa, CA; and 
son-in-law Jerry Dunn of Sacramento, CA. Chick is also survived by 
grandchildren Stacy Ricks, Christopher McElroy, Cara Chigazola, 
Tony Chigazola, Angela Chigazola; and great-granddaughter Taylor 
Lani. A memorial to honor Chick's life will be planned for the later part 
of January in Sacramento, CA. In lieu of flowers, Chick requested that 
donations be made to the Shriner's Childrens' Hosptial in Sacramento, 
CA. Arrangements under the care of: SANTA ROSA MORTUARY 
EGGEN AND LANCE CHAPEL. 707-545-3747 Published in the Press 
Democrat from January 2 to January 5, 2011 Editor's Note: Chick was 
a member of the 1155th Tech Ops Sq technical writing section in the 
late 60s/early 70s. See emails/memoriam from Joe 
Amerena & John Lanigan at the CA Website) 

Ishmael E. Lawlis, Jr 

INTERNET SEARCH, 2011.01.23-FROM ‘INDY STAR, ‘ 2011.01.18 

Ishmael E. Lawlis, Jr. 54, passed away December 28, 
2010 in Tomah, WI. He was born July 31, 1956. He 
graduated from Ben Davis High School in 1974. Ish 
proudly served 20 years in Applied Geophysics in the 

U.S. Air Force. Ish received many citations including 
Meritorious Service Medal and the Air Force Commendation 
Medal (Third Oak Leaf Cluster). 
He was recognized for his outstanding contributions 
while assigned to the Air Force Technical Applications 
Center. Ish led an intensive training initiative that significantly 
increased the mission readiness of the subsur


5 

2011-04-10 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


face arm of the United States Atomic Energy Detection 
System. His skillful processing of a foreign nuclear explosion 
resulted in the most rapid notification of national 
authorities in AFTAC's 45 year history. Ish was preceded in 

death by his parents, Ishmael E. and Lena (Brent) Lawlis and his 
brother, Gerald (Jerry) Lawlis. He is survived by his son, Ian C. 
(Stefanie); grandchildren, Gavin and Gabrielle Lawlis; sister, Judith 
Bunch; brothers, Thomas Lawlis and Frederick Lawlis; nieces, Debra 
and Janet Bunch, Lorraine Hamidi; nephews, Jeffrey Lawlis, Brent 
Lawlis, Gerald and Edward Bunch. Memorial services will be at a 
later date. 

In Memoriam 

CLARK WILBERG 

It's always a shock to me when I read of the passing of one 
of AFTAC's alumni that I worked with--particularly those 
who were younger and that had worked for me. Ish was 
one of Belbasi Seismic Research Station's operator/ 
analysts while I was stationed there as superintendent. I 
remember him and his analytical skills well. 

I also remember his penchant for reading Stephen King 
novels--even when he was alone as the night-shift operator 
atop that hill that was a documented Hitite burial site; Ish 
couldn't fall asleep if he wanted to with the stirrings of imagination, 
the creaking of that old stone/concrete building, 
and the various noises of the weather and elements. I remember 
Ish sliding into third base during a softball game 
with JUSMMAT (Joint US Military Mission to Turkey) and 
breaking his ankle. The pain over the next week or so was 
more than Ish could bear; raki made it a little more tolerable 
for Ish, but not without some serious side-effects. He 
was a good, hard worker with a great sense of humor. Very 
sorry to hear of his passing. 

William ‘Bill’ Griffin 

NOTIFIED BY TOM EDDLEMAN, 02.16 

Tom received a letter from Joyce Griffin that Bill died in 
Jan, 2010. Dale Klug, in a later conversation with Joyce, 
learned that Bill was in Texas at the time. 

In Memoriam 

JOHN HORSCH 

Tom and I served with Bill when he was working at the 
HQ Maintenance Shop. I recall Bill as having a good 
sense of humor and playing an important role there. 

Kenneth Struve Jr. (1943 -2011) 
Kenneth D. Struve, Jr. of Palm Bay died February 13, 
2011. Born in New Jersey on June 3, 1943, he served in 
the USAF for 20 years, retiring with honors from Patrick 
Air Force Base. He was self employed after his retirement 
for over 25 years. He will be interned in South 
Carolina with full military honors. He will be missed by 
his wife of 47 years, Linda, and is survived by his two 
children and his grandson, Skyler. A memorial service 
was held on March 22, 2011 at the New Hope Sanctuary, 
3150 Milwaukee Avenue, West Melbourne. Published 

in FLORIDA TODAY on March 9, 2011. 

In Memoriam 

JOHN HORSCH 

‘Our Times’ with Ken span many years, miles and positions 
from HQ, VA, to HQ, FL. We first worked together 
in the ‘Ziproom,’ and many other’s will recall Ken’s days 
there, to replacing him on the IG Team. It seems Ken 

always had a job ‘on the side’ also … we recall he installed 
storm windows on our home in VA. We had not 
seen Ken for awhile, but our memories with him are recalled 
often. 

Rex Hollis 

NOTIFIED BY POLLY HOLLIS, 04.07 WEBSITE HTTP://WWW.LEGACY.COM/OBITUARIES/ 
MOORESVILLETRIBUNE/OBITUARY.ASPX?N=REX-HOLLIS&PID=147195260 


Rex Hollis, Lt. Col, USAF, "How can 
we excel today?" Beloved wife Polly, 
family, and friends lost a true all-star, 
a champion, and a hero when Rex 
Reginald Hollis passed away on Dec. 
15, 2010 at Lake Norman Regional 
Medical Center. Earning both his 
Bachelors and Masters degrees in 

electrical engineering from Oklahoma State University, 
Rex served in the U.S. Air Force for 23 years, serving 
extended tours in both Pakistan and Panama in intelligence 
communications. He finished his Air Force career in 
Washington, D.C. as Chief of the Technical Branch of the Defense 
Communications Agency, holding the rank of Lieutenant 
Colonel and receiving the Joint Services Commendation 
Medal. Following retirement from the Air 
Force, Rex joined the Southern Pacific Company to help 
them develop their business-class long distance telephone 
service. While there, he became one of the creators 
of a residential long distance service that he named 
Sprint, which ultimately became the telecommunications 
giant known today by the same name. Rex then returned to 

Washington, D.C. and entered the satellite telecommunications industry 
with Ford Aerospace, where he met and married Polly Reed, eventually 
becoming president of Ford Aerospace Satellite Services Company. 
During this time, he served on the board of directors of the Institute 
for Systems Research at the University of Maryland, as a member 
of the Executive Council of the Satellite Broadcasting & Communications 
Association, and as chairman of the Satellite Industry Association. 
He also served 6 years as a member of the Industry Sector Advisory 
Committee for the U.S. Dept. of Commerce, and worked with key 
members of both the Transportation Dept. and the State Dept. Rex 
ended his career with the sale of the first satellite telecommunications 
system to the country of Russia, making over 29 trips to Moscow until 
his retirement to Lake Norman in North Carolina in 1996. During the 
last 14 years, Rex and Polly traveled extensively, visiting every continent 
in the world and enjoyed their lakeside home, ballroom and Latin 
dancing, and a wide circle of devoted family and friends. Rex worked 
on his memoirs of an exciting and fulfilled life, which will be published 
for family and descendents at a later date. A proud member of the 
Sons of the American Revolution, Rex is survived by his beloved wife, 
Polly Reed Hollis; sons, Rex Reginald Hollis Jr, and Richard Laird 
Hollis; daughter, Rhonda Hollis Livermore; sister, Clara Hollis Hargreaves; 
nephew, Robert Wallace Jr.; niece, Sherrilyn Wallace Wilson; 
step children, Holly Ann Ruehlin and Rex James Ruehlin; grandchildren, 
Kristen Hollis Rhodes, Alicia Hollis, Jennifer Hollis Wotherspoon, 
Mary Marlene Maryanopolis and Logan Livermore; and 
step grandchildren, Chelsea Baumgartner and Casey Baumgartner. 
He is preceded in death by father, Festus Flint Hollis; mother, Cora 
Laird Hollis; and sister, Frances Hollis Wallace. Rex was born on July 
28, 1929 in Fayette, Ala. and lived his magnificent life with honor, patriotism, 
joy and integrity. He was a true "Southern gentleman" who 
was at home anywhere in the world. He will be terribly missed by all 
who knew him. Interment will be at Arlington National Cemetery in 
Washington, DC. date. Cavin-Cook Funeral Home, Mooresville is serving 
the family of Mr. Hollis. Condolences may be made to the family 
at www.cavin-cook.com Published in Mooresville Tribune on December 
19, 2010 

6 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


In Transition, Pat Snyder 

CLARK CREERY, ROVIN’ REPORTER AND DIGICAM 

Mr Whidden, Director of Staff, Pat’s boss, 
presents the Civilian Achievement Medal . 
As 2010 closed, Pat opened a new phase of her life by 
retiring, often defined as a point where employment 
stops. We hope this also mean Pat will have more time 
for the assn! 

Pat did not desire to have a celebration but the active 
duty force did not give her an out. Her luncheon was 
conducted at the Enigma Restaurant in Satellite Beach 
and it was attended by a host of active duty and retired 
personnel. What a beautiful location for a ceremony and 
Chief Revels evidently was the guilty party who made 
the arrangements. 

Pat greeted everyone as they entered the establishment 
and the tables were arranged in the dining room 
with a buffet line at the rear of the room. Festivities began 
with words of congratulations from members of her 
office as they explained her service in all the years she 
dedicated to her service. We in the Alumni were benefactors 
of such services and Pat was always one to 
help. She was recognized as an Alumni of the Year in 
2003 and always contributed her talents to the organization 
at the meetings, the golf outings or other events 
that needed her attention. She maintained the selling of 

Pat with Medal 
the hats, shirts, patches, etc. and was often found 
checking mail at the base Post Office to ensure that our 
members received that personal touch. 

The buffet lunch was served and what a spread -everyone 
received their fill. Pat was presented with gifts 
thanking her for her service and letters of congratulations. 
Pat was presented the Civilian Achievement Medal 
for her service. A short film of her retirement luncheon 
can be opened by using the Alumni Newsletter link to 
the YouTube movie, “http://www.youtube.com/watch? 
v=jh9bTk8od4A.” 

Pat shed a few happy tears and let us all know that she 
would be around and we could count on her continuing 
her support in retirement. We of the alumni thank Pat, 
congratulate her on her retirement and look forward to 
her assistance in the days that follow. 
YOUR EDITORS ‘HOOK ONTO’ CLARK’S EXCELLENT REPORT TO ADD A COUPLE OF 
WORDS OF OUR OWN. 
Ever since we made the decision, in 1996, to do our 
best to deserve the trust you put in us to be the editors’ 
of your newsletter, we have had excellent support from 
inside the building to the Sages around us. Pat was one 
of those ‘insiders’ -‘Intrepid Insider’s’ we like to say. 

Not only has Pat taken care of what was earlier mentioned 
but she made herself available for anything we 
needed, and we mean anything—there was nothing we 
could not ask Pat, she never failed us!!! 

Thanks Pat, you may not be our #1 ’Intrepid Insider’ 
any longer but you are still #1 in our books! 

Pat with ‘Dolphin’ Gift 
Pat mingles 
… the happenin’ place ... 
7 

2011-04-10 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


Any requests for action should be sent to 

Long Range Detection Alumni Association 
PO Box 254892 
Patrick AFB, Fl 32925-0892 

Missives requesting no action may be emailed to the 
editors, chrisjohn2@gmail.com. They may be edited for 
clarity and space but not normally for punctuation, wording, 
etc; opinions are those of the writer(s) and may not 
reflect Association belief or policy. 
************************************************************** 

Thanks to all who write!! We publish all correspond-
ence, unless otherwise requested, so your name, and 
the memories it invokes, may be recalled. 
Normally, we will not include personal information, 
e.g., address, phone number, etc, unless you ask or 
seemingly appropriate (e.g., follow-up). 
Mail 

MOST ‘MAIL’ IS ‘EMAIL’-IF NOT, WE WILL IDENTIFY WITH ‘USPS’ 

HELP … SAGE ASSISTANCE NEEDED … HELP 

ePoMo 2010.12 eddress failures (Hard-Copies mailed): Harry 
Adams, John Allred (total failure-email/USPS), Wayne 
Brasure, William Hardester (total failure), Charles Hosier, 

and Tim Mecham 

Need Email addresses for all of those above 

USPS PM2010.12 address failures: William W. Merkel, 
Robert A. Finley, Leo Deville, Craig L. Adams, Arthur H. 
Whi en, Charles L. Copeland, Keri L. Robinson, Chris na A. 
Jones, Harvey L. Logue, John S. Allred, Raymond P. Leniz III, 
Dee E. Griffin, and Timothy C. Tiches. Other failed USPS no


􀆟fied via 
e-mail. Each failure costs your assn $.50 

Need USPS addresses for all of those above 

Please send corrections to our Membership Chair, 
Clark Creery-ccreery@cfl.rr.com, 
or to the Assn address on Page Two. 

First eSage(S) to ’RepoRt In’ 
ePoMo ‘posted’ 2010.14 @ 1051. We advised Mike Black, 
fellow Media Co-Manager, and Clark Creery, Co-Manager, 
Membership Chair and ePoMo ‘poster,’ at 1041, “Let er rip, 
Clark … our first issue using our new system ... way to 
go guys. Let's taste the pudding!” Clark humorously replied 
at 1051 (just 7-minutes later): ‘I held my breath and 
the message has been sent out to a zillion members.’ 
Ed Note, “well, actually some 250 or so eSubscribers!!” We always 
suffer this moment of panic because of ‘kick backs’ caused by out-of 
date eddresses … we were especially ’breathless’ this time as we 
transitioned to our ’new’ ePoMo’ distribution method. We ’breathed 
easier’ a bit better when our first responder’ replied just 13-minutes 
later! Beats the heck out of waiting 2 weeks for the USPS delivered 
hard-copy. 

Geno Wagner Dec 14, 2010 at 11:04 AM 

Rcvd December pomo -no problem. Thanks, Geno, you 
beat out Jimmy Davis for the honor of being our first reply!! 

Clark Creery Dec 14, 2010 at 12:00 PM 

Once again, you two have created a masterpiece. I just 
printed out the 24, in color, pages and now I can spend 
an enjoyable day reading every tidbit contained. Such 
a great issue and I personally thank you for your efforts 
to create this document. May you and Chris enjoy the 
Holiday Season and know that you have contributed to 
the light in hearts all over the world. Thank you and 
God bless. Thank you, Clark, and of course it could not be done 

without you and others. 

Bob Wiley December 14, 2010 3:46 PM 

Just wanted you to know that the new PoMo distribution 
approach worked just fine for me. Good work. Thanks, 
Bob, and there’s plenty you did to help us ‘along the way.’’ 

Bob Fitzgerald, WCC Webmaster Dec 15 

The link worked fine and the download was successful. 
And .… as you said: "John & Chris ... have outdone 
themselves with this issue" ... again!! And we certainly 
do thank them for their efforts. Thank you, Bob, you are al


ways so kind but we never tire of hearing it!!! 

Bill Schmied Dec 15 

it's another outstanding issue from you folks. Maybe 
there really is something about getting better with age !! 
Thanks, Bill we just follow your lead … 

Jim Davis Dec 16 

Yeah I got the PoMo right on time and everything was 
super perfect....thought I had responded, but could 
have done something wrong in my reply....thanks for 
being concerned...know someone is keeping an eye on 
me...at this age anything can happen...thanks John for 
your concern..…yeah, Jim, we get so used to hearin’ from you 

immediately we became concerned … glad all is well and PoMo was 
5-by, appreciate your appreciation. 

Ed Lindsay Dec 20 

Thanks for the hookup! Took a look at the latest ePoMo 
and it is a gem. Glad to finally get back here to be part 
of the Florida Alumni Chapter. Left here in March of 
1999 and I know there has been many changes and 
improvements to the organization. Have a wonderful 
Christmas and see you at the next mtg. You betcha, Ed, 

and its good to have you back in FL … and it’s a neat coincidence 
that the Sage below was involved in the hookup!! 

Don Marcus USPS, Jan 

Don and Martha dropped us a private note about their 
visit to our area for our 50th Wedding Anniversary Celebration 
on Sept 25th and the possibility of coming our 
way again in March (that did happen and we enjoyed 
seeing them again so quickly). 

In that mail, Don included a ‘Class Picture’ (next page) 
taken while attending ‘Det Commander’s’ training at 
Lowry in the early 70’s (71/72). He also asks for help 
identifying his classmates. Please drop us a note if you 
can help. 

8 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


Jim Johnson Jan 10 

JIM WAS EMAILING WITH OUR MEMBERSHIP CHAIR, CLARK CREERY AS HE AND 
ANDY ANDERSON PLAN A DP (PERSONEL REUNION). 

I got my Ham Radio license in 1978 after serving (Jun 
76-Jun 77) at Det 423 and running the MARS station 
there for most of my tour. I learned operating protocol 
on the fly working with the MARS stations in Hawaii, 
California and Arizona (the Barry Goldwater station). 

I have been licensed continuously since that time but 
was inactive from about 1984 to 1991 at which time I 
got interested again and have had loads of fun with it 
still today. My interest is mostly contesting and DXing. 
My CW skills are not real good, but still have fun with it. 
I have worked a clean sweep (all 80 ARRL sections 
and VE Provences) in the ARRL November Sweepstakes 
CW the last two years. Last year I won the 
Southeast Division Single Op Low Power category in 
the ARRL RTTY Roundup last year. Unfortunately I 
was not able to participate this year because of other 
commitments. Ham Radio is still alive and well, although 
there have been many changes in the licensing 
process. CW is not required any longer! I regret this. I 
wish it would have been retained as a requirement at 
least to 5WPM. Oh well, I enjoy it as a great pass time. 
If interested you can see what my station has evolved 
to so for here in Slocomb take a look at http:// 
www.kc4hw.net, still got lots of work to do! 

BTW I am James P. Johnson and served in AFTAC 
from 1974 to 1988, when I retired. I was living in Melbourne 
until 2004 and took a job with Richards Paint, 
Rockledge, FL, and relocated to Slocomb Alabama. I 
am native to Alabama being born and raised just outside 
of Birmingham. So it was sort of like coming home. 
I miss my good friends in Florida, but really enjoy the 
life that we have in the countryside of Alabama. 

I am retiring effect Jan 15th and will begin that stage 
of my life. I have been working for 48 years and as you 
can imagine, often two jobs while I was in the military. I 
probably won't last very long as a, so to say, "retiree" 
because I really can't sit still very long. My wife has 
several projects and I still have work to do on the radio 
station, but probably will be looking for something part 
time down the road later this year. 

We are looking forward to a great get-together with 
the DP Family this Spring. Thanks for the ‘life’ update, Jim, 
and wondering if your DP reunion could be in conjunction with the 
WorldWide in CA, May 12-15? 

Early 70’s, ‘Future Det Commander’s.’ Recognize anyone? See ‘Don Marcus,’ (4th from left) note on preceding page. 
Jack D. Wagley, USPS Feb 10 

Wonder of wonders, my wife and I have been married 
to each other for 62 ½ years now. I have been an outpatient 
at VA Ann Arbor Healthcare system here in Ann 
Arbor since 2002. I have an advocate now – one day a 
week but I have not heard from her since they appointed 
her. I also have a facilitator – whatever that is! Jack 

also wrote of some of his adventures he had reported on before and 
provided this update. 

L & M Neumeister Feb 20 

Just wanted to provide you my new mailing address in 
case you haven’t received it from USPS. Yes, I still receive 
my Post-Monitor by snail mail, but having the 
hard copy for when I’m away from the computer is the 
only way I’d ever have time to read it—too much time 
already spent on the computer doing work for work and 
homework for school. However, the Post-Monitor is 
about the only publication (of numerous ones I receive) 
that I read cover to cover—I never seem to tire of hearing 
about the great people and heritage of AFTAC. 
Keep up the outstanding job. V/R, Mouse Thanks for think


ing of us with the updated info and we appreciate your kind words … 
the newsletter duties are duties we love … 

Mbrship application/renewal/change 

APPLICATIONS AVAILABLE ON WEBSITE OR LAST PAGE OF THE POST-MONITOR 

NOTE: PLEASE FILL OUT APPLICATIONS IN FULL. WE GET SOME THAT 

ARE NOT COMPLETE AND YOUR HELP WOULD BE APPRECIATED. 

‘Serial Sages’ 

(New Lifetime Members) 
Lou Seiler 

‘Sustaining Sages’ 

(Annual Members, new and renewals) 
Charles Schuster, Michael McCarty, Robert Miller, 
Deborah Carson, John Perry, John Nederhoed, Bob 

Morton, Charles Desrosier and Sam 

Sage Report 
Kenneth Myers Dec 13 
EVERY ONCE IN AWHILE I SAY HOWDY TO MY FELLOW CENTER SENIOR 
ENLISTED ADVISORS AND SUPERINTENDENTS … ‘HOWDY’ THIS TIME 
GOT THIS GREAT REPORT FROM KEN, (#8 OF 12 IN THE LINAGE). KEN IS 
WORKING FOR TASC (THE ANALYTIC SCIENCES CORPORATION, HTTP:// 
WWW.TASC.COM/). HE HAD SEVERAL THINGS TO ‘SAY’ OF INTEREST TO 
OUR READERS AND I ASKED HIS PERMISSION TO ‘REPORT’ SAME IN 
POMO … HE KINDLY AGREED. 
I work for TASC here in northern Virginia. I wear two 
hats. For the customer, I'm on a contract supporting the 
Director of National Intelligence (Gen Clapper). Specifically 
I'm supporting some efforts in his Chief Information 
Officer's area. 

9 2011-04-10 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


It's a small world. So small in fact his daughter lived 
next to me for a couple of years before I moved to a 
different place. I never knew her when the Clapper's 
were in FL, but I was a young SSgt then and didn't hob-
knob a lot with the CC's kids. :-) I see Gen Dettmer 
every once in awhile too. He's doing well. 

For TASC and my other hat, I'm a Department Manager. 
Get all the fun duties of care and feeding of the 
troops (I mean employees), hiring and firing for our current 
contracts, and working on proposals for work we 
are going after. Not a lot different then being a Chief 
and an AFTAC Superintendent. :-) 

Speaking of that, I was talking with Patrick's CCM last 
week, Calvin Williams (he worked for me when he was 
in AFTAC and a SSgt) and he brought me up to speed 
on the Chiefs now at AFTAC. It was great to hear the 
names of all those I had worked with over the years. 
Thanks for keeping us all in touch. 

‘Sage Information’ 
Harry Joseph Feb 01 

HARRY ASKED WE POST THIS IN THE POMO … WE HAVE ALSO POSTED IT AT THE 
WEBSITE, ‘SAGE INFORMATION’ PAGE 

Medicare Part B Premiums Update 06: The Military Retiree 
Health Care Relief Act of 2011 (H.R.238), was introduced 
in the 112th Congress by Representative Jo 
Ann Emerson (R-MO-08). The bill would restore a long 
broken promise relating to free life time health care by 
amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a 
refundable credit to military retirees and their spouses/ 
widows for premiums paid for coverage under Medicare 
Part B. Veterans are encouraged to contact their legislators 
and request they actively support this bill and 
urge their colleagues to do the same. One method to 
accomplish this is to access the USDR Action Alert site 

http://capwiz.com/usdr/issues/alert/? 
alertid=23523796&queueid=[capwiz:queue_id] and forward 
the editable message to their representatives. 

[Source: USDR Action Alert 23 Jan 2011 ++] 

Det 46 Dining Out/20th Anniversary 

Bill Schmied, 
Air Force Technical Applications Center CO Treasurer, 
sent a presenta-

Detachment 46 

tion for display 
Dining Out/20th Anniversary during Snowball 

XIII at which, 


among the other 
festivities, the 
CO Det Commanders, 
here 
on official busi


1 

ness, briefed 
attendees and were recognized. He also sent a pdf file 
with several of those detachment’s history. 

Clark Creery, ‘FL Chapter Membership’ and Web/ 
Electronic Media Manager,’ has posted them to the FL 
Website, ‘Scene Sages,’ page. Have a look at these 
most interesting slides of the dining out and detachment 
history, and all the other great things at our site. 

Scene Sages 

Colorado Chapter, September Breakfast 

Rogues Gallery 
THIS POSTING IN THE LATEST (2011.02) COLORADO CHAPTER NEWSLETTER, ECHOES, 
WAS JUST TOO GOOD NOT TO USE IN THIS NEWSLETTER. WE DID NOT HAVE 
ROOM AT THE ‘CHAPTER NEWS’ SECTION SO WE HAVE REPLICATED IT FOR YOUR 
VIEWING PLEASURE! JERRY MOXLEY IS THE EDITOR OF THE COLORADO MISSIVE. 


10 


**Stay updated—http://sites.google.com/site/lrdalumniassnneedtoknownow—for the latest news** 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 

Chapter news 


Lloyd French 
We hear from many sources that “membership has its 
privileges” when it comes to belonging to a group. 
Group membership has its responsibilities, too. If you 
hold a particular credit card, the group (and the credit 
card company) wants you to pay your bill. If you are a 
member of a club or association, the club wants you to 
pay your dues. However, clubs and associations rarely 
survive on dues alone; they count on the relatively 
small percentage of members who come to meetings, 
hold office, lead or participate in committees, or just 
offer their opinion (and vote) on general club business. 

The usual percentage of participation in a healthy organization 
is (in my opinion) a dismal 10 to 20 percent 
of membership. Certain factors contribute to this such 
as scheduling conflicts and meeting locations; but by 
and large, there is little variation in the percentage of 
participation except during elections. During elections, 
there is a surge in attendance—not necessarily because 
some particular faction of the group wants to put 
“their person” in the seat, they just want to feel they’ve 
made a strategic input to the organization. I personally 
appreciate that desire and hope their votes are well 
spent this September when elections come around 
again for the LRDAA. 

Three terms as your president is certainly no record; 
others held the office longer and perhaps more productively. 
In the coming months, I ask you to look around 
and inspire some “new blood” to lead our organization 
and sustain it—better yet, advance it! 

There are new AFTAC retirees every year who are 
(and were) leading contributors to the success of LRD 
and their professional peer groups such as the Top 3, 
Chiefs Group, CGO Council, and others. They take vast 
amounts of ideas and leadership skills with them. 
Those skills are critical to our continued viability, to be 
sure; but their membership is critical to our growth. If 
just 10 percent of our membership came to meetings, 
we would need a theater to seat them all. Imagine the 
impact to the LRDAA if we increased our membership 
by 10% or more! 

The LRDAA continues due to the Herculean efforts of 
less than 10 percent of our members. Examine your 
schedules, examine your priorities—give us an hour of 
your time a month. Meetings are every 2nd Monday at 
5PM—come discover the privileges of membership! 

Florida Membership/Sages WorldWide (WW) Directories: WW is 
an expanded listing of all who serve/served and we have record of-it 
is ’searchable’ at the Florida Chapter website, ‘https:// 
sites.google.com/site/lrdalumniassnneedtoknownow/’-‘Pg 07.’ 
Directories available via email to requesting paid-up members from 
the Florida Membership Chair, Clark Creery, ‘ccreery@cfl.rr.com.’ 
Board Members 

Elected 

President-Lloyd French Vice-CMSgt Daivd Melton/TM 
Secretary-Sean Ryan Treasurer-Joe Goldian 

Appointed 

Activities-CMSgt Nederhoed/CCS Hall of Heritage-Await Historian 
Hospitality-Judy Milam Web/Electronic Media-Mike Black, Clark 
Creery, Editors Membership-Clark Creery Newsletter (Post-Monitor) 
Editors-John and Christel Horsch Publicity-VACANT 
Sage Shop-CMSgt Revels/IG 
###################### 

A Minute with the Minutes 
AFTAC Cares Program: This ongoing program supporting 
deployed active duty AFTAC members continues 
to receive good support from Sages. (see active 
duty section and alumni assn website for more details) 
Phone cards are especially needed and welcomed. 

Membership: Clark Creery reports, FL Membership: 
624/562LT; ePoMo/USPS, 252/372; WorldWide, 4592 

Post-Monitor: Editor’s report, on schedule 

Hall of Heritage: Per previous reports, plans are being 
worked to have the AFTAC Hall of Heritage approved 
by the AF Museum. Alumni members may be asked to 
help with identification of items and provide stories of 
their experience using the items. 

Golf: Chief Melton/TM, ‘Major Arranger’ reports, the 
21st Annual Spring Golf N’Getogether will be played on 
May 20. See page 1-follow any changes at our website. 

****************************************************** 

Membership Thoughts 

CLARK CREERY. 2011.01.05 

We hope that our new E-mail Alerting system has not 
hit you as a surprise and that you have found it satisfactory. 
We just completed our first Electronic Post Monitor 
(ePoMo) alert telling everyone who has signed up that 
the Electronic Color PoMo was available for download. 
This release was for 253 members who have paid their 
dues and are signed up to receive the issue via their Email 
and we certainly hope that our alert did not end up 
in your spam bucket or worse yet, you have ignored the 
message and not received the notice. 

Our alerting system consists of two independent 
Google Groups: One listing (contains the Florida Association 
Paid up memberships) and this is strictly a notification 
email. This system has made it so easy because 
we just validate all the addresses knowing that you 
have accepted an invitation and when we have a release 
you receive a message similar to this: 

‘ATTENTION–Month and Year–ALUMNI NEWSLETTER’ 
This E-mail contains the link to the current Association 
Newsletter and you can view it, download, and above 
all print, so you can enjoy it until the next alert (PoMo). 

Our second notification system was made up of all the 
E-mail addresses contained in our previous, but now 
extinct, website (www.aftacalumni.org). This system 

11 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


allows us to send important notifications to anyone who 
has signed on and listed their name and address. This 
system is moderated to prevent back and forth communication 
to all members when it only applies to one. This 
cuts down on electronic traffic and to be honest, we do not 
have the time to respond to questions unless they are addressed 
to our singular E-mails (As noted in the PoMo) so 
do not hesitate to contact us when you have the need. 

Snail Mail Subscribers (~389) see what you are missing! 
Please – please ensure that your home addresses are 
correct because if the mailing fails we receive a postal 
notification ($0.50) telling us that the address failed and 
then we must hunt you down. Printing costs, mailing costs 
and this postal cost adds up and we strive to reduce this to 
zero. Think seriously about opting for the electronic edition 
because it is more efficient and if it is printed by you, then 
you can take it for your morning or evening visit to your 
throne. Or, better yet, share it with the family, take notes 
about tales and contact our editor for inclusion in our next 
issue-electronic notifications go out instantly (at the same 
time it is sent to the printers) while snail mail processing 
takes several weeks to even get them into the postal system, 
let alone how long that may take … we are told by 
our bulk mailers anywhere from 2-days to 2-weeks. 

Another plus to our system is our NEW WEBSITE: http:// 
sites.google.com/site/lrdalumniassnneedtoknownow/. This 
site enables us to remove the load of management from 
our Webmeister, Mike Black, and eliminate the cost of an 
independent site. It also permitted us to update information 
that eliminated the time difference of having you wait for 
the information until the next newsletter. Most often this 
information was late and we had received many comments 
about a quicker notification system. 

Our budget and the postal costs just did not support that 
option so we went with electronic information – be sure to 
sign in and let us know how we can improve, what would 
you like and is the information relevant to you? Above all, 
thank you for putting up with our attempt to improve service 
and be more efficient. This is your Alumni Organization 
and we thank you for the opportunity to serve. 


Sage Shop News-Coins

EDITORS WITH INPUTS FROM CHIEF REVELS/IG, SAGE SHOP MANAGER AND MSGT 
CHAD TAGUBA,/TMNT, 99/9S COIN CREATOR 

Recently Bill Schmied, Colorado Chapter Treasurer, 
asked about a coin he had purchased at ’WorldWide 
2009,’ (image following). We turned to one of our ‘active 
-duty’ cohorts, Chief Revels, and he, as always, quickly 
tracked it down being for sale by the ‘Boosters Club’ 
and advised us he would handle it thru the ‘Sage Shop.’ 
So, another beautiful coin in our collection. We call the 
coin ‘Traditional’ because it has the HQ building with 
flyovers of the plane/spacecraft with motto on one side 
and the emblem on the other. More on MSgt Chad 
Taguba’s coin following that. 

While we continue on the subject of ‘new coins’ we have 
exciting news, see MSgt Taguba’s ‘99/9S’ coin/meaning 
following, and learn more on the next page. 


Obverse Side Reverse Side 

The Arms: Argent, an eagle 
displayed proper, surmounted 
by an in escutcheon of the Old 
Shield bearing the inscription 
"MCMXLVII." The dexter talon 
holds a scroll proper and the 
sinister talon grips a sword proper, 
pommel downwards. In the 
beak is held a banner with the 
motto "Dominus Arcani", letters 
argent. Encircling the eagle in 
letters argent inscribed the Seven 
Titles. 
The Crest: A mullet encircled by 
an annulet, both argent 

The Arms: Azure, a sword pale 
ways argent with wings erect 
argent conjoined at the hilt. Sable, 
surmounting the sword in 
fesse point, atomic orbitals argent. 
Encircling, nine mullets 
argent and the proof in letters 
argent "Let this coin signify its 
bearer is a member of an elite 
and noble group of Airmen who 
stand in silent vigil for the good of 
all humankind." 
Encircling the Arms in letters 
argent is the motto "In God We 
Trust, All Others We Monitor." 

The Symbolism of the Obverse 
The eagle is the American bald eagle, the symbol of our country. On 
its breast is borne the Old Shield, which represents the original mission 
responsible for the genesis of the Reporting Identifier. Its banner 
reads "MCMXLVII", which is the year the mission began. The 
inner feathers are white, indicating the wisdom accrued from performing 
a mission older than the Air Force itself. The eagle's right talon is 
holding a scroll, symbolizing knowledge and the left talon holds a 
sword, a token of military duty. The eagle looks to knowledge before 
it wields the sword. The eagle is also clutching a banner that reads 
in Latin "Dominus Arcani". This is loosely but correctly translated to 
Lord of the Unseen Way (or Master of the Unseen Way). It is acomment 
to our mastery of the sciences and technical arts and our uncanny 
ability to innovate. Above the eagle is a bounded star that 
serves to represent our enlisted service. Surrounding the eagle and 
star are the seven reporting identifiers we've held over the decades. 

The Symbolism of the Reverse 

The winged sword represents the 9S100’s commitment to, and membership 
in, the United States Air Force. It is surrounded by nine 
stars, a comment on the naming convention of the Reporting Identifier 
– the number nine is always involved. The atomic orbitals 
over the sword represent the scientific methods we employ 
to discharge our duties. Additionally, the winged sword is 

12 

2011-04-11 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 

Other Chapters 


a stylized Ψ, 
symbolizing Schrödinger's wave equation. This 
side also bears the Proof, a statement that authenticates the bearer 
as a participant in the mission. The circumference of the coin bears 
the motto, “In God We Trust, All Others We Monitor”, a statement that 
holds true no matter where we go. 

WE FIRST BECAME AWARE OF MSGT TAGUBA’S COIN WHEN JACK 
SMITH (SEE COLUMN ON RIGHT) SHOWED IT TO US THE NIGHT OF THE 
BANQUET. IT SEEMS CHAD, ALSO IN LINE FOR RECOGNITION, HAD 
THOUGHTFULLY HONORED JACK’S ‘SAGE’ SERVICE BY PRESENTING 
HIM ONE OF HIS COINS. UPON SEEING THE COIN, YOUR EDITOR’S IMMEDIATELY 
WANTED TO KNOW MORE AND CONTACTED CHAD ABOUT 
THE COIN AND THE POSSIBILITY OF OFFERING SAME THRU THE POMO. 
HIS VERY THOUGHT REPLY FOLLOWS: 

Chief, Glad to make your acquaintance! I’m honored you wish 
to include this coin with the others in the Sage Shop. I would 
very much like to see this coin made available to all those 
who preceded me – as I told MSgt (Ret) Smith, I’m standing 
on the shoulder of giants and this coin is a tribute to that great 
heritage. But offering the coin for general sale does conflict 
with my rules for the coin. They are: 

1. Available only to those who have held the RI 99/9S (or earlier) 
designations. Though not to be purchased by non99/
9S’s, they may be presented one by a 99/9S. 
2. The first coin is free. Others are available on a donation 
basis only. 
I fully understand that these rules are difficult to follow 
outside the active duty contingent of 9S personnel. I’m 
open to any suggestions you may have on how to distribute 
the coins – however, this coin is not for everybody 
(wow…that sounds harsh). If you would like, I 
would be more than happy to come by and discuss the 
coin at the next Alumni meeting (or sooner, if you’d prefer). 
And indeed MSgt Taguba attended the March and April meet 

ings and presented his coin to the assn board and attending members. 
As a result of the discussions over these two meetings it was 
decided the ‘AFTAC Top-3’ would be the most fitting group to handle 
the distribution of this coin in a most distinguished manner; details as 
they are available will be published. 

Colorado newsletter extraCts, 2011.02 


President, Jack Smith-Vice, Earl Pierce-Treasurer, Bill Schmied-
Newsletter Editor, Jerry Moxley/Publisher, Ken Behrens-Webmaster, 
Bill Harris-Website @ http://www.aftacco.org/. 
Membership: 87 
—————————————————————– 

Events Calendar 

SEE WEBSITE FOR LATEST INFORMATION (URL ABOVE) CHECK BEFORE COMING 

General Membership Breakfast September 2011 0830 
Hours Aurora Hills Golf Course Club House 
Date TBD 

————————————————————————————————————– 


Florida Editor’s Note: The CO 
Newsletter Editor, Jerry Moxley 
(Moxi), publishes many articles 
of interest to retirees concerning 
Tricare, DEERS, and other information. 
Sages can request a 
complimentary 'electronic' copy 
via email, mox@wispertel.net, on 
a one time basis for review and 
consideration of joining the Denver 
Chapter also. 

Jack Smith, Colorado Chapter President, 

'Alumni of the Year, 2010!' 
Col Prupas, AFTAC CC, made the announcement at the 
Colorado Chapter's Dinner/Social. Col Prupas surprised 
Jack with this honor and noted his many accomplishments 
serving not only the Colorado Chapter but Sages in general 
as that Chapter hosted WorldWide Reunions and involved 
the active duty in the area in the chapter's events 
during his tenure. 


Florida Editors Note: Many of ECHOes pages for this issue 
were filled with picture's and article’s concerning Jack’s 
‘Alumni of the Year, 2010,’ recognition events-at this Dinner/ 
Social and the two events in Florida, that chapter’s ‘SnowBall 
XIII’ and the Center’s ‘Annual Awards Banquet.’ The issue 
also contains ‘Guest Editorial’s’ from these editor’s and Clark 
Creery, Florida Chapter Membership Chair. Those articles 
appeared earlier in this issue. 

California newsletter 2011.01, extraCts 


Charlie Penn, President; Dave Tarquino, Vice; Ken Denbleyker, Chairman 
of the Board of Directors (COB); George Thompson, Asst. COB; 
Steve Fri s, Director At Large; John ‘Butch’ Kemna, Treasurer; Dennis 
Nolan, Asst. Treasurer; Bob Baker, Secretary; Ken Breitwieser, Asst. 
Sec, Dave Price, Membership; 
Newsletter Editor-Dale Klug; Webmaster/Asst Editor-Bob 
Fitzgerald-Website @ http://www.aftacwcc.org/. 
Membership: 145/133 are Lifetime 

FLORIDA EDITOR NOTE: WE JUST LEARNED IN THIS ISSUE OF LONGTIME 
EDITOR, DALE KLUG, STEPPING DOWN. PLEASE SEE OUR TRIBUTE 
TO HIS SERVICE LATER IN THIS ISSUE, CONCLUDING ON PG 24. 

BACK ISSUE’S OF THIS NEWSLETTER ARE POSTED AT THE CA WEBSITE 
(URL ABOVE). VISIT TO VIEW PICTURES, MAIL, AND MORE. FOLLOWING, 
WE EXTRACT PORTIONS OF THE LATEST ‘FALLOUT’ RECOGNIZING 
THAT NOT ALL SAGES ARE REGULAR INTERNET USERS. 

Events Calendar 

SEE WEBSITE FOR LATEST INFORMATION (URL ABOVE) CHECK BEFORE COMING 

Meetings, 1st Tuesday quarterly (06.07, 08.06, 12.06, 03.06) 
at the Lions Gate Restaurant at McClellan Park. 

12-15 May, 2011 AFTAC WorldWide Reunion, Lions Gate 
Hotel, McClellan Park, CA; registration and pre-pay required, 
information and registration forms follow and are also available 
at all chapters’ websites, CA Chapter URL above. 

Confirm before coming-call ahead to our Vice President 
or check ‘Events’ page, URL above 

13 


Long Range Detection Alumni Association, Patrick AFB FL 


Mail-Call 

NOTE: OUR MAIL CALL E-MAIL ADDRESS: FALLOUTEDIOR@AFTACWCC.ORG 

Chechon Children's Home Christmas Message 

FL EDITOR’S NOTE: MANY OF US WHO SERVED DET 452 RECALL THE CHILDREN’S 
HOME. WHAT FOLLOWS IS AN EXTRACT OF THEIR CHRISTMAS LETTER. 

December is always a busy month for us. The children practice 
for the Christmas programs they give for some of our 
“Special” guests. Santa continues to come each year in the 
blue vans of the Det. Air Force people with gifts for each of 
the children. We are thankful for all the gifts, extra food, 
treats, and visitors. At CCH we had ninety children (including 
thirty-eight teenagers!) and thirty one caregivers who do our 
best trying to meet the needs of our children. At our Child 
Abuse Protection Center we have seven Social workers and 
two helpers – they often work 24 hours a day. PLEASE CONTINUE 
TO KEEP US IN YOUR PRAYERS. We Thank Him 
and You for Blessings Abundant MAY THE QUIETNESS OF 
CHRISTMAS, EASE THE STRESS OF TROUBLED HEARTS IN 

THESE TROUBLED TIMES WITH HIS PEACE AND QUIETNESS. 
MAY HIS LOVE, JOY AND PEACE GUIDE YOU THIS CHRISTMAS 
SEASON AND THROUGHOUT THE NEW YEAR. Jane and 
Chechon Children’s Home 

Editor: Jane is still at the Children's Home, if you would 
like a copy of the full text of her two-page 2010 Christmas 
newsletter, with pictures, just email me & I'll forward it to 
you. 

‘Way Back When’ 

FL EDITOR’S NOTE: RECALL 1155TH TOS BASKETBALL TEAM PICTURE FROM LAST 
ISSUE ASKIING FOR IDENTIFICATION OF PLAYERS. THIS ISSUE ADVISES: 

With the help of Dave Price and Clay Lemire we have 
determined the picture was taken in 1963. The players 
have also been identified: 
L-R Back row, Lt Regiera, Ray Schulstad, (Coach) 
Fred Fisher, Ed Slover, Tony Gallo 
L-R Front row: Lt. Hauschild, McCain?, Clay Lemire 

*****2011 AFTAC WORLDWIDE REUNION***** 
12 May – 15 May 2011 
The cutoff date for reunion registration is May 1, 2011 

CHARLIE PENN, PRESIDENT, WEST COAST CHAPTER 


It is time to make your plans to attend the 
2011 AFTAC Worldwide reunion which is 
being hosted by the AFTAC Alumni Associa-
tion-West Coast Chapter. The site selection 
committee searched throughout the Sacra


mento region to find the “perfect” location for this event. 
For nostalgic and practical reasons the Lions Gate Hotel 
(formally the “O” Club at McClellan AFB) was selected. 
This facility offers registered guests complimentary buffet 
breakfasts, will set up transportation to and from the 
Sacramento International Airport ($14/person), and has 
rooms ranging from refurbished BOQ’s to the SMALC 
General’s quarters (4 bedrooms). Prices for lodging 
range from $89-$349/night with some quarters offering 
full kitchens and multiple bedrooms. The bar and restaurant 
facilities are revamped and very accommodating. 
Hotel Information: Lions Gate Hotel and Conference 
Center, 3410 Westover Street, Sacramento (McClellan), 
California 95652, Phone: 866-258-5651 Website: 
http://www.lionsgatehotel.com/, mention you are attending 
the AFTAC Reunion. So, what is on tap for our 
reunion? 

Thursday, 12 May 2011: Early sign-in and hospitality 
suite activities. George Thompson, the maestro of the 
hospitality suite, has toured the facility for this function 
and gives it two thumbs up. It is a former one bedroom 
base officer’s quarters that has a full kitchen, living room, 
bathroom, and access to a large patio area. This will 
handle at least 80 sages that want to swap some lies and 
perhaps imbibe in some liquid refreshments. Any group 
that would like to have a mini-reunion (dets, systems, 
etc.) contact George at AsstBdChmn@AFTACWCC.org 
and he will make sure the proper notification and advertising 
is accomplished. i.e., Detachment 202 would like 
to host an alumni function; done!) Registration for these 
mini-reunions can be accomplished either in the hotel 
lobby or at the hospitality suite. 
Friday, May 13, 2011: Sign-in continues and there will be 
a docent guided tour of the Aerospace Museum of California 
starting at 1:00. This facility used to be located 
close to the new commissary and has since relocated 
north of McClellan Park on Freedom Park Drive in a new 
building and grounds area. The Lions Gate Hotel will 
provide transportation to and from this museum for those 
who need it. The reduced price for this guided tour will 
be $5.00 that you pay at the entrance to the museum. 
You will be impressed at this new facility and exhibits; 
visit web site www.aerospacemuseumofcalifornia.org. 
You can get further information by contacting Gary 
“Steve” Fritts at DirectorAtLarge@AFTACWCC.org. 
Starting at 5:00 there will be a no host reception at the 
“O” Club or General’s quarters depending on weather 
and the number of participants. This event will have both 
cold and hot hors d'oeuvres and will give everyone a 
chance to mingle and reminisce with their brethren and 
friends. This event “officially” will close at 7:00 and the 
hearty will adjourn to the hospitality suite. Dinner, for 
those who need to put on the feed bag, will be non-
hosted and left to your discretion. Saturday, May 14, 
2011: Yes, the hospitality suite is still open and registration 
continues either at the hotel lobby or the suite. Formally, 
today starts out with a trip to the Thunder Valley 
Casino with their free bus(s) arriving in front of the Lions 
Gate Hotel at 10:00. Transportation will take you to the 
casino where you will be afforded the opportunity to 
“recoup your expenses for this reunion”. The bus will 
return to the Lions Gate Hotel around 3:00. This will allow 
you the time to prepare yourselves for the banquet 
which formally starts at 7:00. The banquet will be the 
formal finale of this reunion and a chance, once again, to 
mix with the folks that were an important part of your life. 
The banquet will have a no host bar opening at 6:00, pre 
dinner entertainment, color guard presentation, and keynote 
speaker. After the dinner you will have further opportunities 
to mingle with attendees, and yes, once again 
visit the hospitality suite. 
Sunday, May 15, 2011: Time to say goodbye at the no 
host breakfast. Time is at your leisure. The Lions Gate 
Hotel will arrange ground transportation to the airport for 
those who need this amenity. 

14 

2011-04-11 


AFTAC WORLDWIDE REUNION 12-15 MAY 2011 
REGISTRATION REMINDER 

Names: ________________________________ 

Our reminder: I/we paid & signed up for the following number of people and reunion events: 

Fri, 13 May Guided tour of Aerospace Museum x ___ people (pay $5.00 at museum) 
Sat, 14 May Bus Trip to Thunder Valley Casino x ___ people (free) 
Sun, 15 May Farewell Buffet at Lion’s Gate x ___ people (pay at Lion’s Gate) 

Reunion Admin Fee __ people x $ 5.00 = $_______ 
Fri, 13 May Cocktail Party/Reception __ people x $25.00 = $_______ 
Sat, 14 May Banquet Dinner __ people x $45.00 = $_______ 

My Check # _____ for $ ___.__ was made out to “AFTAC-WCC” 
and I/we mailed check & the registration form on ___/___/201_ (before 01 May 2011 deadline) 
to: 
AFTAC Alumni Assoc.-WCC, P.O. Box 3974, Citrus Heights, CA 95611-3974 

CUT HERE (Please fill out the above to keep for your file/reminder. Also fill out the following form and mail it soon.) CUT HERE 

AFTAC WORLDWIDE REUNION 12-15 MAY 2011 
REGISTRATION FORM 

Please Print 

First Last 

Name(s): 

Address: City/State/Zip: 
Phone#: ( ) Email Address: 

(Note: We need to have a head count for every activity listed as follows:) 

Reunion Admin. Fee (for Badges, Forms, Mailing, Reunion Programs, etc.).................... $5.00/person x __=$________ 

Friday Guided tour of the Aerospace Museum of California [Pay $5.00 at the museum] (# of guests = __) 

Friday Cocktail Party/Reception (no host bar with hors d'oeuvres)................................. $25.00/person x __=$________ 

Saturday bus trip & 4 hrs at Thunder Valley Casino [Freebee but limited bus seats] (# of players = __) 

Sat. eve. Banquet (enter # of each) Salmon [__] Chicken[__] Steak[__] Vegetarian[__].. $45.00/person x __=$________ 
(All Meals Include: Salad, Chef's Selection of Potato or Rice, Vegetables, Rolls, Dessert & Coffee) 

Farewell Brunch Buffet (Sunday 9:00am -?) [No host or agenda, Lions Gate Hotel guests eat free] (# of guests = __) 

Total = $ 
Make your check payable to “AFTAC-WCC” 
and mail it along with this form to: 

AFTAC-WCC, P.O. Box 3974, Citrus Heights, CA 95611-3974 

***REMINDER*** 
(Text Box comment From 
PoMo)
PLEASE REGISTER EARLY but the DEADLINE FOR REGISTRATION IS 01 MAY 2011 [From WCC Web Site] 


